Update code-conventions.md (#256)
demisto/content-docs: docs/integrations/code-conventions.md

- Each **_command** function should use `Client` class functions.
- Each **_command** function should be unit testable. This means you should avoid using global functions, such as `demisto.results()`, `return_error()`, or `return_results()`.
- The **_command** function will receive `client` instance and `args` (`demisto.args()` dictionary).

> - The **_command** function will return [commandResults](https://xsoar.pan.dev/docs/integrations/code-conventions#commandresults) object. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The **_command** function will return an instance of the [CommandResults](https://xsoar.pan.dev/docs/integrations/code-conventions#commandresults) class. 
```
